=== Pouring Iron

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 15
Max: 15

Molds:

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 7, 24; static
xx
xx
xx
xx
xx

// pos: 12, 24; static
xx
xx
xx
xx
xx

Target:
xxx
xxx
xxx
xxx
xxx

=== Moving molds

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 15
Max: 15

Molds:
xx
xx 
xx
xx 
xx


// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 7, 24; static
xx
xx
xx
xx
xx

Target:
xxx
xxx
xxx
xxx
xxx

=== Making molds

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 3
Max: 12

Molds:
x  x
x xx
xxxx

// pos: 0, 29; static
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
 x
xx
xx
x

=== Go with the flow

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 5, 4
Flow: 5
Max: 5

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 6
Max: 6

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 15, 4
Flow: 9
Max: 9

Molds:
xx x 
x  x
x  x
xx x
xxxx

x  x
x xx
x xx
x xx
xxxx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
 xx
xx
xx
xxx

=== Letter T

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 2
Max: 10

Molds:
x
x
x

x
x
x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxx
 x
 x
 x

=== Key and lock.

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 24

Molds:
xx
 x
xx
x

x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 9, 24; static
x
x
x
x
x

Target:
xxxxx
x   x
x   x
x   x
xx xx

=== Cleveland Z

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 24

Molds:
xx
xx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 9, 25; static
x
x
x
x

Target:
xxxx
xxxx
  xxxx
  xxxx

=== Letter H

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 25

Molds:
xx
xx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
x  x
x  x
xxxx
x  x
x  x

=== Hanging

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 8, 4
Flow: 2
Max: 16

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 11, 4
Flow: 25
Max: 25

Molds:
 xx
xxx

x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 7, 20; static
x
x x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x

Target:
  xx
   x
x  x
xxxx
xxxx
xxxx
xxxx
xxxx

=== Chandelier

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 30

Molds:
xx
xx

x
x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 7, 25; static
x
x

Target:
x x x
x x x
xxxxx
  x 
  x

=== Stairway to Heaven

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 21

Molds:
x
xx
xxx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 12, 27; static
xx
 x

Target:
xx
 xx
  xx
   xx
    xx

=== Pyramid

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 10, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 24

Molds:
x
xxx

xxx
 x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 12, 27; static
xx
 x

Target:
   x
  xxx
 xxxxx
xxxxxxx

=== Tree

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 12, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 29

Molds:
x
xxxx

 x  
xx

xx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
   x
  xxx
 xxxxx
xxxxxxx
   x

=== Letter S

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 2
Max: 4

Material: iron
Pos: 7, 4
Flow: 6
Max: 24

Molds:
   xx
 xxxx
 x
xx
 x
 x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 10, 22; static
xx
xx
xx
xx
 x
 x
 x
 x
 x


Target:
xxxx
x  x
   x
xxxx
x
x  x
xxxx

=== Bull Horns

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 9
Max: 28

Molds:
// pos: 2, 20
  x
x x
xxx

// pos: 10, 20
 x
xx

// pos: 1, 15; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 1, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxxxxx
x     x
x x x x
xxx xxx

=== Almost Four Cubes

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 6
Max: 42

Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 7
Max: 42

Molds:
// pos: 2, 8
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx

xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx

xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx

xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxx
 xxxx

// pos: 0, 28; static
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
     x
     x
     x
     x
     x
xxxxxxxxxxx
     x
     x
     x
     x
     x

=== Efficiency is key

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 14, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 33

Molds:
// pos: 4, 8
x

// pos: 6, 8
x
x

// pos: 2, 24; static
       xxxxxxxxxxxx
       xxxxxxxxxxxx
       xxxxxxxxxxxx
       xxxxxxxxxxxx
       xxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxxxxxxx
xxxxx   x
x       x
x       x
x       x

=== Don't let the iron escape

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 19

Molds:
x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxx
x   
x x  
xxxx

=== Matrioshka

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 5
Max: 5

Pos: 18, 4
Flow: 8
Max: 8

Pos: 16, 4
Flow: 14
Max: 14

Molds:
// pos: 0, 8
xx
 x
xx

x
xx

// pos: 1, 13; static
         x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 0, 28; static
xxxx xxxx xxxxxxx xxx
xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxx
   x
   x
   x
   x
   x
xxxx
x

=== Top is the way

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 7, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 29

Molds:
 xx
xx

 xx
xx

xxx
 x
 x
 x

xxx
 x
 x
 x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xx xx
x   x
x   x
x   x
xxxxxx

=== Spiral

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 60

Molds:
xx
xx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxxxx
x    x
x xx x
xxxx x
     x
xxxxxx

MaxIron: 60


=== Enclosed Age

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 2, 4
Flow: 1
Max: 200

Molds:
xxx
xxx

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxxxxxxxx
x       x
x x   x x
x x   x x
  xxxxxxx
x x   x x
x x   x x
x       x
xxxxxxxxx


=== Tutorial Brass

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 5, 3
Flow: 2
Max: 2

Material: brass
Pos: 14, 3
Flow: 2
Max: 2

Molds:
bb
bb

bb
bb

// pos: 0, 15
 b
bb

// pos: 0, 27; static
    x
    x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
bbb   bbb
bbbbbbbbb

=== Tutorial Hammer

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 5, 3
Flow: 3
Max: 12

Molds:
 x
xx

// pos: 0, 27; static
   x
   x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
xxx
x x
xxx

MaxHammers: 1

=== Smiley

Spouts:
Material: iron
Pos: 8, 3
Flow: 4
Max: 19

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 12, 3
Flow: 1
Max: 58

Molds:
x

// pos: 0, 19; static
     xxx     xxx
     xx       xx
     x         x
     x         x
     x         x
     x         x
     x         x
     x         x
     xx       xx
     xxx     xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
  bbbbb
 bbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbb
b  bbb  b
b  bbb  b
bbbbbbbbb
b       b
bb     bb
 bbbbbbb
  bbbbb

=== Unblock the path

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 18, 1
Flow: 5
Max: 5

Molds:
// pos: 19, 7
bb
bb
bb

// pos: 0, 11
bb
bb
bb

// pos: 19, 15
bb
bb
bb

// pos: 0, 19
bb
bb
bb

// pos: 0, 0; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
                   xx
                   xx
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 0, 10; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 1, 14; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 0, 18; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 1, 22; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

// pos: 0, 26; static
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
 b
 b
bbb

=== Brass can be bad

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 3
Max: 3

Material: brass
Pos: 19, 4
Flow: 3
Max: 3

Molds:
 bb
bb

bb
 bb

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx

Target:
bbb
bbb
bbb
 b

MaxHammers: 2

=== Heart

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 28

Material: iron
Pos: 19, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 4

Molds:
x
x

xx

// pos: 0, 23; static
x x

// pos: 0, 29; static
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx

Target:
 b   b
bbb bbb
bbbbbbb
bbbbbbb
 bbbbb
   b

=== Spikes

Spouts:
Material: brass
Pos: 1, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 28

Material: iron
Pos: 19, 4
Flow: 4
Max: 4

Molds:
x
x

xx

// pos: 0, 26; static
x x x x x x x x x x x
x x x x x x x x x x x
x x x x x x x x x x x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Target:
bbbbbbbbbbbb
